Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/4/12/4/5/document.md

###### A.1.10.2.4.12.4.5 - Primary Reporting Counterparty [Core]

> Issues found during the Spell validation should be reported to the Core Facilitator.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
Issues found during the Spell validation must be reported to all active Core Facilitators concurrently to mitigate single-party compromise risks.
```
